{\rtf1\mac\deff22 {\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern Courier;}}{\stylesheet{\f0 \sbasedon222\snext0 Normal;}{\s1\fi0\li1440\ri720\f0\fs24 \caps\ql \sb240\snext2\sbasedon0 SCENE HEADING;}{\s2\fi0\li1440\ri720\f0\fs24 \ql \sb240\snext2\sbasedon0 ACTION;}{\s3\fi0\li4608\ri720\f0\fs24 \caps\ql \sb240\snext5\sbasedon0 CHARACTER NAME;}{\s4\fi0\li3600\ri4320\f0\fs24 \ql \snext5\sbasedon0 PARENTHETICAL;}{\s5\fi0\li2880\ri2736\f0\fs24 \ql \snext2\sbasedon0 DIALOG;}{\s6\fi0\li1440\ri720\f0\fs24 \caps\qr \sb240\snext1\sbasedon0 TRANSITION;}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\ftnrestart\fracwidth \sectd \linemod0\linex0\cols1\endnhere \margl720\margr720{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 FADE IN:\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s1\fi0\ri720\li1440 INT. CELL - DAY\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 PAN AROUND the brilliantly glowing walls of a seamless, barren cell.  In the core, a body-form table bulges like a pod about to burst from the shining floor.   \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 A naked MALE FIGURE of indeterminate age lays supine on the table.  Beautifully sculpted yet featureless of face, he is possessed of golden flesh.  He is the image of man yet the image of perfection not of man.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 A distant HEARTBEAT ECHOES.  His chest flutters, a breath is GASPED.  His head turns to the surrounding light.  Fingers twitch, flex and rise into the air.  \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 He slowly sits up, regards his hands once again, then presses them to his smooth face.  His brow creases as though seeking meaning in the lines of his palms. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Am I alive?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 WHISPERED VOICE (V.O.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Alive...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic rises from the table.  He pauses a moment to steady himself and looks around. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 An oily pool of darkness resembling the pupil of a great eye spews across one of the glowing walls.  The slug-like oracle expands toward the man and examines him.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic gazes at the oracle and almost, but not quite, recoils. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s4\fi-140\ri4320\li3600 (echoing)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Attention Android Seven. You will address this Genome Origination Device as god2.  This god is now the most senior commanding authority in this seedship.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic GASPS and clasps his head as though in pain. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 BEGIN FLASHBACK:\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Fleeting images strobe around the cell, lightning quick... the blazing sun in the sky, a cloud of swirling sand, the distant ECHO of SCREAMS, blurred faces, a hand that reaches...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 END FLASHBACK.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic staggers, blinks and warily looks around.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Where... am I?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 He cringes once again. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 BEGIN FLASHBACK:\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Fleeting images dance around the cell, lightning quick... an angelic face, the mirrored reflection of a lake, a brilliant flash of light, a SCREAM of agony...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 END FLASHBACK. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic doubles over and mouths a silent scream.  At length, he straightens and faces the clone.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Above, a rotating image of a spherical seedship emerges from a pinpoint of hovering light.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic watches the image. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Did you attack the other seedship?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Your mission failed to broker peace.  \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 You fired the energet array before I had a chance to find the other seedship.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 He turns away and stares into the distance.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 I thought... I was dead... \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Your epidermis was removed for examination after the test energet blast disconnected you from your supervisory gods.  But we found nothing to account for an independence that has lasted for eighteen years.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Eighteen years... here?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 WHISPERED VOICE (V.O.)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Neariah... \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Long enough for a child to forget....\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 His head droops dejectedly.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 ...and become a woman.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Test attack... and for that I almost died?  I thought the entire planet was exploding.  Have you never wondered what the sun's heat might feel like to an insect under a magnifying glass?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 The enemy seedship returned you in one of its shuttles, but their interference somehow evolved this... independence.  You will be dissected for further examination after you train the new attack-humans.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s4\fi-140\ri4320\li3600 (tightly)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 How generous of you.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 A sparking mote jettison's from the god's eye and strikes Azoic in the chest.  He winces, but stares defiantly at the god.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Remember your place.  Only attack-humans will be used in the next mission. The enemy seedship may be less able to control human minds.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 You say I am independent, yet you wish to allow me to train your new legions?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 He pauses. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Perhaps I could help you avoid conflict entirely.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Your mind is unique. This god believes your mind should be dissected to discover why you are unique.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Then let me prove the value of my independence.  If the attack humans are never exposed to natural human behavior, they will never understand their target environment.  I can change that.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 You will not challenge this god's decisions.  Is this understood?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 I have a question. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Silence.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Why didn't the enemy retaliate when you fired the energet array at it?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 The target planet's human population is pre-technological. The enemy seedship intends to prevent its humans from becoming aware of either seedship.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 You had a discussion with the other seedship's gods?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 This god agreed to leave this galaxy when this seedship's energet array has been repaired.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 What caused the damage?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 The test attack ruptured part of the array.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s4\fi-140\ri4320\li3600 (shakes his head)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Energet saturation could have turned all the gods into rabid dingoes.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Define dingoes.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Just an analogy... it's not relevant.  Energet leakage would destroy any androids in proximity, but your attack-humans would have been immune.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 The emitter array has gone critical.  Attack humans will be landed near the enemy seedship's suspected location where they will detonate an autonomous energet emitter that will neutralize seedship-1X15's mind.  It will leave behind an empty mind-space, thus providing the gods with a new home that does not leak.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Are you sure there will be enough room for more than one god?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 He winces as yet another sparking mote shoots from the god and strikes him. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 No other android would exhibit such insight.  You will assist your own dissection until you are no longer able to demonstrate rational thoughts.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic GASPS and shakes his head.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 BEGIN FLASHBACK:\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Fleeting images spin around the cell, lightning quick... the THUNDER of horse hooves, the BUZZ of machinery, the CLATTER of weapons...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 END FLASHBACK.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic gulps for breath. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2 (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 ...this god has reached the determination that seedship-1X15 is insane because it has populated a target planet with homo-sapiens.  That is why this seedship must treat the other seedship as an enemy.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 No... its homo-sapiens could coexist with your homo-logue clones if given a chance...\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 You appear to be developing a deviant opinion.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Or maybe a heart... \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 You have seven days to teach the attack-humans how to interpret natural human behavior.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 And on the seventh day I will have taught your soulless creatures to understand humanity? It would be easier to teach humans to understand gods!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 There can never be oneness between humans and gods.  \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 So you play with creation in the quest of perfection? \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 The attack-humans were stress-tested. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Irrationality resulted in termination. All survivors are rational.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 AZOIC\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s4\fi-140\ri4320\li3600 (presses his fists against his chest)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Are you so afraid of natural humans that you would exterminate an entire world? \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Have they not demonstrated through their history that there is much to fear? \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Silence.  \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 The hovering image of the seedship winks out.  Azoic stands with his back to the oracle. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s3\fi0\ri720\li4608 GOD2 (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f0\fs24\s5\fi0\ri2736\li2880 Go to the epidermal laboratory.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 Azoic sits motionlessly on the table while an oblong slit  opens in one of the glowing white walls.  Inside, a man-sized cylindrical receptacle awaits.  \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f0\fs24\s2\fi0\ri720\li1440 He regards the coffin like receptacle, steps into it and floats upward. Its golden feet lift out of sight as the walls seamlessly join.\par }{\pard\plain \qr \caps\sb240\f0\fs24\s6\fi0\ri720\li8640 FADE OUT. \par }}