myText=
***************************************
Do you still believe in Santa Clause?
I’d bet you did once.  I know that I
did, but I also remember another child
in our street ridiculing me for such a
faith.  To save face, I pretended that
I was only joking, “Of course Santa
doesn’t exist, I just said that
because I though you believed in him.”
I was mature enough to put the whole
question to one side while my friend
and I continued to shoot at invisible
Nazi’s, but later that night, my
disappointment was profound.  I looked
back on all the Santa incidents, the
stockings on the chimney that
magically filled themselves, the
presents under the tree that seemed
to be wrapped up with my Mother’s
sticky tape, and the relative
dimensions of our chimney versus a
large man’s girth.
Of course I forgave my parents for
the deception, and of course I didn’t
hate God for not letting Santa be real,
but I still needed to believe in what
Santa stood for.  Receiving was a vital
part of life, and giving was probably
important too, for a bunch of reasons
that grown-ups had explained in such
detail that it had become too
exhausting to remember.
So, my faith needed to evolve.  I
needed Santa to become a set of
principles, instead of a real person.
I could not let myself become cynical
and uncaring just because my Faith had
become less literal; I was not willing
to throw away the investment I had
made in those principles of giving and
receiving.
Imagine, though that there had been a
Santa Bible, which had dictated that
Santa was unquestionably a red-faced,
fat old man who rode on a red-nosed
donkey, or whatever.  Imagine that my
Faith had been based upon a book that
had been written in the days when
nobody knew that Santa could not
possibly ride a red-nosed donkey.
A time when explorers and scientists
had still to prove that such donkeys
did not exist, fly, or light up the
dark.
If this Santa Bible had been ridiculed,
perhaps everything in it would have
looked ridiculous too.  All those
principles, would they also be
ridiculed?  You see, when you write
down a rules-based religion and then
change the rules, the whole house of
cards starts to fall down.
If you adjust the definition of good
and bad, where will that that leave
Heaven and Hell?  Take away that rule
about eating pigs, and…. Well, there
could have been good reasons for not
eating pigs that involve health
issues, or perhaps even concerns about
the most intelligent animals after
apes, dolphins and humans, then
perhaps they had almost as much
right to live as humans…
***************************************