myText=
***************************************
Is God Like Us?
Is God Like Us?
Is God Like Us?
Is God Like Us?
Is God Like Us?
When humans are about to die, they
often summon up images that have been
indoctrinated into them by their
cultures, like the face of God as
a wise old man with very human
feelings.  Instinctive human arrogance
demands that God remains familiar, and
just as a child’s survival depends
upon its parent’s attention, humans
will always want to be at the center
of a familiar God’s Universe.  However,
it is quite possible that God is far
from human, and humans are far from
God.
To a simple-minded person we have to
explain a simple version of our Faith,
but does their inability to appreciate
the entire Faith make them less
qualified to share that Faith?  Humans
need a personal God, one they can
imagine having familiar thoughts and
feelings, one that sympathizes with
them as would a parent.
Christic Scriptures contain
conflicting accounts of the creation
of the Universe, almost nothing about
Heaven, but much about Hell.
Obviously, hell sold religion better
than Heaven, but the divergent
mythologies within scripture become
increasingly less palatable as human 
minds become more intellectual.
Historically, religions have
survived by allying themselves with
successful political empires.  However,
at a more day-to-day level, religions
have usually managed to take
institutional control over their
society’s rights of passage, such as
births deaths and marriages.
Human minds are psycho-genetically
predisposed to less monogamous
lifestyles than our social and
religious values tend to impose upon
us.  Natural human behavior is often
the antithesis of our rules-based
religions.  So much so that religions
often refer to social evolution as
moral decline.  Imagine a world where
people will satisfying sexual needs
through bio-chemical agents, euphoria
-enhanced simulated-reality, synthetic
surfaces, and so on.  When science is
making lives longer, and as the
boundaries of human experience are
widening, relationships are becoming
increasingly transient.  Future
societies may prefer fewer rules for
marriage, which may not suit those
religions that feel obliged to keep
society under their control.  The
God of future civilizations will not
look like the God we envision for our
current civilization.
***************************************